Thank you for using Franz.

Please read these terms carefully. By using the Franz App or using a Franz related service, you agree to these terms. This is a legal document.

1. Definitions
Franz is owned by Stefan Malzner, Vienna - Austria. (referred to as "I", "Me", "Our" or "We"). As a customer of this service you're a "User" or "You" according to this agreement. The App or any Services offered by us will be referred to as "Franz", "Franz App" or "Service".

These Terms of Use ("Terms") includes the Privacy Statement.

2. Basic Terms
You must accept these Terms and the Privacy Statement.
You must not use the service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You must not interfere or disrupt any other registered user's user experience.
You understand and accept that we cannot be held responsible for any interaction you do within the Franz App.
Any violation of these Terms may result in termination of your account or suspension of specific services.

3. General Conditions
We reserve the right to modify these terms and the Privacy Statement at any time. If there are any changes to those documents, we will post them in the App. You can object to any changes by deleting your account within 21 days. Otherwise you agree to these changes.

We can refuse access to the service at any time without prior notification.

We respect other's copyrights and expect you to do the same. If you make use of the profile image upload you confirm that you are the owner of the content or have permission to use it for our service.

We are not liable for any data loss or damage.

It is in our interest that the service is available 24/7 but we cannot guarantee any availability of our service.

4. Privacy Policy
The protection of your privacy is a very important matter to Franz.

You entitle Franz to collect information about your usage within the limits to the Privacy Statement.

5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Franz for any deliberately caused damage you are responsible for. This may include attorney's fees.

6. Final Conditions
We only support the official Franz App.

You are not allowed to transfer any rights and duties of this contract without the permission of Franz.

We are not responsible for any content of third party sites we link to.

Franz, these Terms and the Privacy Statement come under the law of of the Republic of Austria. Place of jurisdiction is Vienna, Austria.

If individual articles of these terms are void, the remaining terms and conditions remain unaffected.

That's all! Have fun using Franz.


